Bidirectional Sync docs (#7515)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/segment-app/extensions/git.md

Segment's Git extension lets you manage versioning by syncing changes you make in your Segment workspace to a Git repository.

Git Sync supports synchronization from Segment to Git. When you sync data from Segment to Git, you capture the current state of your workspace through a full sync and includes all new records and changes for supported resources. 

> You can use [Bidirectional sync](#bidirectional-sync) to sync data from Git to Segment. After you enable bidirectional sync, Segment automatically listens for pull requests in your repository and manages all related workspace changes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use [Bidirectional sync](#bidirectional-sync) to sync data from Git to Segment. After you enable bidirectional sync, Segment automatically listens for pull requests in your repository and manages all related workspace changes. 
```

The capitalization on Bidirectional sync is confusing me.  Looks like here it's capitalized in one sentence, but then not in the next.

Author: good point! let me fix that

For more information on using Terraform, visit [Terraform's documentation](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/docs){:target="_blank"}.

## Bidirectional Sync

> Bidirectional sync builds on top of the Git Sync extension and lets you manage your Segment workspace directly in GitHub. After you configure and enable bidirectional sync, Segment automatically listens for pull requests in your repository and manages all related workspace changes. Segment only applies changes from pull requests that you successfully merge.

Reviewer 2: Can we change the last sentence please? Segment won't apply changes that are merged, only those that the user explicitly accepts by commenting `segment apply` so might be a little bit misleading? The flow is as follows:

![Screenshot 2025-03-25 at 10 34 22 AM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2acc0ce9-4b39-43df-87aa-044d82b35083)

> Bidirectional sync builds on top of the Git Sync extension and lets you manage your Segment workspace directly in GitHub. After you configure and enable bidirectional sync, Segment automatically listens for pull requests in your repository and manages all related workspace changes. Segment will not apply any changes unless the pull request has met all merge requirements and can be merged.

Reviewer: Could we tighten that last sentence to something like _**"Segment only applies changes from pull requests that meet all merge requirements"**_?

> Bidirectional sync builds on top of the Git Sync extension and lets you manage your Segment workspace directly in GitHub. After you configure and enable bidirectional sync, Segment automatically listens for pull requests in your repository and manages all related workspace changes. Segment will not apply any changes unless the pull request has met all merge requirements and can be merged.

Author: ```suggestion
Bidirectional sync builds on top of the Git Sync extension and lets you manage your Segment workspace directly in GitHub. After you configure and enable bidirectional sync, Segment automatically listens for pull requests in your repository and manages all related workspace changes. Segment only applies changes from pull requests that you successfully merge.
```

Bidirectional sync only supports: 

> - Explicit values (secrets require additional configuration)

Reviewer 2: Do we want to link to the secrets section here?

> - Explicit values (secrets require additional configuration)

Author: ```suggestion
- Explicit values ([secrets](#use-secrets-with-bidirectional-sync) require additional configuration)
```

- [Segment resources compatible with Git sync](#working-with-git-sync)

Bidirectional sync does not support variables, references to other resources, or resources from other providers.

> warning "Bidirectional sync can lead to broad workspace changes, including data loss" 
> When using bidirectional sync to manage your Segment resources, verify that your specified plan matches the changes you expected. Unexpected changes can include data loss.

### Set up bidirectional sync

To set up bidirectional sync in your workspace: 

> 1. **Navigate to the Git Sync settings page to verify that your Git Sync integration is set up with Segment's GitHub App integration.** If it isn't, you can change the connection type under **Settings > Extensions > Git Sync > Manage Configuration**. If you were previously using the GitHub App integration, you might need to accept additional GitHub permissions that allow Segment t0 o listen for the relevant events. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Navigate to the Git Sync settings page to verify that your Git Sync integration is set up with Segment's GitHub App integration.** If it isn't, you can change the connection type under **Settings > Extensions > Git Sync > Manage Configuration**. If you were previously using the GitHub App integration, you might need to accept additional GitHub permissions that allow Segment to listen for the relevant events. 
```

2. **Add branch protection to your GitHub repository**. You can update your branch protections by opening GitHub and navigating to **Settings > Rules > Rulesets** and adding the Segment Extensions app to the **Bypass list**. 
3. **Navigate to the Segment app and enable Git sync bidirectional sync.** From the Segment app, navigate to **Settings > Extentions > Git Sync** page and enabling the **Git sync bidirectional sync** setting. 

> ### Use bidirectional sync

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use bidirectional sync
```

Same as above re: capitalization inconsistency.
